annot: place the egg noodles into a bowl
ACTID: 0
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the egg noodles (-1)
[PP, location, into] a bowl (-1)
annot: Add the noodles to a pot of boiling water
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the noodles (0)
[PP, food, to] a pot of boiling water (-1)
annot: Drain the noodles in a colander
ACTID: 2
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] the noodles (1)
[PP, location, in] a colander (-1)
annot: place on a paper towel
ACTID: 3
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food]  (2)
[PP, food, on] a paper towel (-1)
annot: cut the pork into thin strips
ACTID: 4
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the pork (-1)
[PP, other, into] thin strips (-1)
annot: cut garlic, carrots, celery, onion, and bok choi into thin slices
ACTID: 5
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] garlic (-1), carrots (-1), celery (-1), onion (-1), bok choi (-1)
[PP, other, into] thin slices (-1)
annot: Add soy sauce, oyster sauce, and sugar into bowl
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] soy sauce (-1), oyster sauce (-1), sugar (-1)
[PP, location, into] bowl (-1)
annot: mix
ACTID: 7
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food]  (6)
annot: Add oil to a hot pan
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, to] a hot pan (-1)
annot: add the vegetables
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the vegetables (5)
[PP, food, ] (8)
annot: mix with pepper
ACTID: 10
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food]  (9)
[PP, food, with] pepper (-1)
annot: Remove the vegetables into a bowl
ACTID: 11
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the vegetables (10)
[PP, food, into] a bowl (-1)
annot: Add oil to the pan
ACTID: 12
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP,  food, to] the pan (11)
annot: add the noodles
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the noodles (3)
[PP, food, ] (12)
annot: Add the stir fry sauce to the pan
ACTID: 14
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the stir fry sauce (7)
[PP, location, to] the pan (13)
annot: Add the vegetables and pork to the noodles
ACTID: 15
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the vegetables (11), pork (4)
[PP, food, to] the noodles (14)
annot: mix
ACTID: 16
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food]  (15)
annot: Add the remainder of the stir fry sauce and pepper to the noodles
ACTID: 17
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the remainder of the stir fry sauce (7), and pepper (-1)
[PP, food, to] the noodles (16)
annot: mix
ACTID: 18
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] (17)